four billion dollars of profits, and dive again buy out of Genting, to
do 1.1 billion  It is not related to the operation
, because these two de this is more than hundreds of millions of dollars, so very
simple, because last year the first quarter, eh, these watches, so that the
ah called the profit this year, this year more than a few billion  D Of course,
300 million, so less than 30 memories, it is obvious that there will be
one, which is three percent ah, four percent of one of the frame,
and in the end that is a drop of 25% is obviously good, so it is
better to expect.  To be more direct, is that we do not count these
two cases
deducted back how many people if this actually income and profit this is in the
first quarter of this year this is an increase so so it does not exist at
home  25% of this is called better than
expected is substantially from a perspective this is really a little better than the first quarter of the year this did
.  Okay, the second part you understand the
part after this we do a more detail this analysis he
analyzes the karma of the